>>I'm here.
[APPLAUSE]
I think.
OK.
We're going to change
subjects about this.
But we're going to come
back to all of this
because we've just begun.
There's a lot more.
But once you have
that established.
It's kind of like the merkaba.
Once you have it
established, it's there.
And once you get this
The rest of it's a lot easier.
But the subtleties--
this is easier
than what we're about to do
because the subtleties of what
we're going to talk about
in the next couple days
are hard to discover
for some people.
But you'll figure it out.
It's OK.
So we're now going to talk about
programming of the merkaba.
And I know it's been in the
books and everything else
like that.
But it's truly important.
And there's been so many
misunderstandings and mistakes
and not really
realizing how it works,
et cetera that I want to
get this crystal clear
because it is very useful.
Let's put it that way.
It's very, very useful.
Your merkaba can do things for
you to help you spiritually.
It's just like we
talked about yesterday
when we were removing
entities from people and stuff
like that.
You can use your merkaba
to seal this off.
And I mean, once you do--
it just takes a moment.
And once you do, it's over.
I don't care what happens.
They cannot get inside
of you after that.
Or there's all kinds of
other things in the world
that we'll talk about
in a little bit, were
there's just a 30-second
sentence to your merkaba,
it's over.
You won't have those problems.
And you're merkaba is going
to actually ultimately be
the key that's going
to save you in what's
about to come about because
the magnetic field, which we're
going to talk about
directly after this-- we are
at the point where the changes
are taking place, which
are a prelude to something
that we know what it means.
And if you're not in a
merkaba, you will not survive.
You can't make it without it.
But you have to make a certain
program into your merkaba,
or the merkaba
won't work either.
You have to actually tell
your merkaba to something.
So let's talk about
this stuff for awhile.
And how many people
understand it
or feel like they understand
it, the programming part?
OK.
There was more that didn't
understand it than did,
I think.
We're down to two
pieces of paper.
[LAUGHTER]
Well, the first thing that
is important to understand
is that when someone establishes
a merkaba around themselves
or as a surrogate,
where you build--
or an external merkaba,
external to yourself.
When you set these things up, no
one in existence can change it.
This is both a blessing
and a real problem
sometimes that all
the stuff that's
going on the Bermuda
Triangle, which
is where you had seven
people create a merkaba field
and then it went
out of control is
causing all kinds of problems,
not only here on Earth,
but other places because
it's as above, so below.
Everything's interconnected.
And that merkaba field, that was
the reason the Greys came here
in the first place was to try
to fix that sucker because it
was causing so much
problems on their planets.
And they've tried everything.
And there is
nothing they can do.
They did do one thing that was--
I don't know how they did it.
But they finally got--
what happens in the Bermuda
Triangle is whenever the
female gets stronger,
she starts going
faster than the male.
That's what I mean by stronger.
Then that's when the
distortions take place.
So they couldn't
change the programming.
But they somehow influenced
the speed ratios.
And they keep the male
faster than the female.
And that was in 1993.
To my knowledge,
there has not been
any distortions in the
Bermuda Triangle since 1993.
If there is, I'm not aware of.
I don't know how they did it.
Really, I don't know
how they did it.
But they did do it.
But usually, you
just have to know
that when you set a program,
it's really easy for you
to change it, but nobody
else touch it or move it.
So to describe
programming of merkaba,
I'm going to talk about crystals
because it is a crystal.
You are a crystal.
Your merkaba is a crystal.
It is a geometrical
relationship of energy,
just like the same
thing that crystals do.
And they form very
specific patterns.
The energy field
that's around you
happens to be the energy
field of creation itself.
And it has all possible
geometrical relationships
within it, without any
exceptions whatsoever.
It's all in there.
It's the total
package of everything.
It's basically when--
in the Bible, when
it said God created
man in-- man was
created in the image
of-- how do they say it?
>>Man is created in
the image of God.
It didn't mean that
God looks like me
or you because obviously,
we got black, white, green,
and all kinds of people
and different appearances.
But it is the energy field
around us which is the image.
And that image is
the image, literally,
that every single thing in
existence was created through.
And if you've got enough
time, you could prove it.
It might take a while because
there's a lot of possibilities.
But the crystals have
tried to physically create
every possibility.
And every year,
we find an average
of about six new
crystals that have never
been seen before, brand new
atomic structures no one's
ever, ever, ever
seen on Earth before.
And so it's amazing that
they just keep coming up.
But there is a finite
number of these things.
And so if you have
a crystal-- does
anybody have a quartz crystal
out there that-- a natural one
that's not polished.
And you don't mind
if I touch it?
[WOMAN SPEAKING]
Where is it?
Is this Yoda?
Oh, wow.
[LAUGHTER]
We were all safe.
>>I don't know if this is
quartz or not, but here's--
>>How about this one?
Does this one look OK?
>>Oh, yeah, yeah.
Oh, perfect.
This is fine.
This is good.
OK.
Hi, little guy.
You've probably read
all kinds of books.
And there's a lot of
conflicting ideas about crystals
and what they are.
And I can just give you
my opinions on them.
But first of all,
they're living beings.
They're alive.
They're conscious.
They're aware of a lot, and
a lot of different levels
that we're not aware of at all.
And they have sex.
There's males and female ones.
There's male,
female, and bisexual.
This one is bisexual.
It's both male and
female at the same time.
You go to the lowest window.
That's the lowest window.
And you'll see the next
one's a little bit higher,
next one's a little bit higher.
And there's a spiral
going that way.
But there's also another one
on this side, a little bit
higher, a little bit higher.
And so you get a spiral
going the other way.
So you have a male and female
crystal at the same time.
A lot of them will
just have one lower,
and it will just be one
spin in one direction
and one spin in the
other direction.
It'll be just male or female.
And so they know
everything you're thinking.
You don't have to
say anything to them.
All you have to
do is look at them
or put your attention on them
and they can be on the moon
or on the other side of
the world or anywhere.
It doesn't matter
where they are.
And if you're familiar with
it, if you know that crystal,
they know you.
And all you have to do is
tell it what you want it to do
and it'll do it.
It's really that simple
with your own merkaba.
You just have to--
the only time you
don't want to do a programming
is while you're doing this.
That's a good time because
you're stopping it and starting
it and starting over again.
But any other time.
And you don't have
to think about
whether it's sacred or
anything else like that.
You can be riding a bicycle,
eating an ice cream cone
and tell your merkaba to
do something, and it will.
It doesn't talk
back or anything.
It just does it.
But there's other things.
And that is how many programs
can you put in there?
Marcel Vogel, worked
with Bell Labs.
He was a brilliant person.
I met him right before he died.
And he was the one that
invented this floppy disk
for the beginning of computers,
of how memory things.
He had over 200 major
patents in the world.
And he spent a lot
of time at the end
of his life studying
crystals because he
saw the same thing I did.
I did, too, for many years.
Long, long, long time I did
nothing but study crystals.
And he discovered
something that, when
he told me this-- actually, he
published it a journal-- that I
didn't believe him.
I just couldn't believe him.
It just seemed so outrageous.
He said that you can
only put as many programs
into a quartz crystal as
there are faces at the point.
So in this case, there's one,
two, three, four, five, six,
which is what there usually is.
But there's not always.
There's sometimes six.
There's sometimes five,
sometimes three, seven.
It depends on where it was
grown and under what conditions.
But usually it's six.
It's hexagonal.
And so we did this
experiment with the equipment
that I was talking
about awhile before.
We would focus in on
the crystal and turn it
into the microwave range.
And we put up on the screen.
And then we could see the
whole microwave range.
Meanwhile, that screen
is invisible to me
and to an operator over there.
And I can't see that.
And so I would telepathically
talk to this, not visually.
I mean, with sound,
so the operator
didn't know what I was doing.
And I would put a
program into the crystal.
And really simple, just like
love, real simple program,
not complex or anything.
It didn't matter
how complex it was.
It would still do
the same thing.
The operator is watching the
microwave range over there.
And sure enough, on
a very high range,
very, very super-short range
of the microwave, which
is also very short
rayed anyway, there
was a little blimp took place.
And so he moved that over,
blew that up, and said,
do that again.
And I did.
And another blimp
came up over there.
And so we started testing it.
And I tried to confuse him, like
I would put three programs in,
take two out, and put two more
in, or something like that.
And he could tell
me exactly what
I did because he could see,
bloomp, bloomp, bloomp, bloomp.
They'd be erased.
Then bloomp, bloomp, bloomp.
Then bloomp.
Whatever I was doing, he
could track right with me.
He would just write it down.
Say, well, what you did is you
put in two, you took out three.
You did this and you did-- And
he was right every single time.
We got so fascinated with this
that we spent about five hours
going through this whole thing.
But Marcel was right.
As soon as you get
to six programs,
if you try to put seven
in, no more blimps.
It wouldn't accept any
more than that many.
But with the human crystal--
I was checking this
because I wanted to know if this
was true with human merkabas
also.
But I can't find a
limit on the merkaba.
I can't find it at all.
I could put 30, 40
programs in there.
And it doesn't matter.
They're all functioning
and working.
I've never been able to discover
what the relationship was.
But for sure it is true.
There's a limit on what you
can do with physical crystals
and how many, though
each individual program
can be very complex.
You can make a very
complex program
that has many
different facets of it.
And that's one program.
And you put it in there.
Or you could just say
a word like "love,"
and make it do that.
And it'll do that.
But that's all there is to it.
It's really that simple.
And erasing them,
it's the same way
like there's books out there
that say to erase programs out
of crystals, you have to
get them in the moonlight
or you have to put
sage around them,
them in the ocean.
There's all these kind of
ideas and stuff like that.
It's just not true.
And scientifically,
we can prove it.
I can just look at the crystal
and say, erase all programs.
And right on the thing, it
will flat-line instantaneously.
You don't have to do-- it's all
about intention, 100%, what you
do with these things
and the same thing
with your crystal
around you, the merkaba.
You put the program in.
It's there.
It'll function.
It will do what you
say it's going to do.
The only exception to that
is if you're asking it to do
something that your higher
self, which is mommy-daddy,
kind of, thinks is not
good for you somehow,
or not safe or something,
because the higher self-- now,
that you made your merkaba,
that's the first thing that
the merkaba does is--
You've been sleeping
for a really long time.
Your field is not functioning.
And so your higher self, which
is just you on another level,
after maybe 1,000 years, it
goes, well, I'll just wait.
But the moment--
it's instantaneous--
that your disc goes out
like that, your higher self
goes, hmm, Johnny woke up.
[LAUGHTER]
And the attention goes
straight onto you.
They scan your entire life.
They see every-- the
higher part of you
gets it all in a nanosecond and
then turns around immediately
and starts changing
things in your life
So how many of you first
did your merkaba and you
lost your job or a
lot of friends left
and all kinds of
stuff like this?
Because they look at
this and say, wow, here's
25 friends here that
are a bad influence.
They're gone.
[LAUGHTER]
Too much money in
this person's life.
You lose half your money.
Not enough in this one.
You win-- I don't know.
But they just make the changes.
And usually, in
the first 30 days,
people go, wow, a lot
of things happened here.
But when it comes to
programming the merkaba,
there probably
are certain things
that they won't let you do.
I don't know what they are.
They might let somebody
else do those things.
But they might not let you
do them for some reason.
I can't tell you what it is.
But that's the only exception.
Other than that--
When I said that only you
can program your merkaba,
that is you.
It isn't somebody else.
It is you, literally.
And so your higher
self has the ability
to program your merkaba also.
And so outwardly,
it's very simple.
Now, you get into
it in a little more.
And you're slowly
beginning to see
what I'm talking about here in
terms of male and female ways
of doing things.
There are four ways that
you can program merkabas.
That's male, female, both,
and neutral, neither.
And those are the
four parameters
that life evolves around.
I mean, it's even in the DNA.
You have the four nucleic acids.
And they actually represent
the male, female, both,
and neither aspect of it.
And they recombine
in sets of three,
creating 64 different codons.
But it's all about that same
pattern that keeps coming up.
I just see it coming up over
and over and over and over.
And so when you
program the merkaba,
you can program it
from a male point
of view, which means it's
something you can write down
on a piece of paper with steps.
You say, you do this, this,
this, this, this, this.
And poof, this is what happens.
And you can hand the
paper to somebody else.
And somebody can do it.
And it'll be the same
no matter who does it.
It will have the same results.
But a female way
doesn't have logic.
It doesn't function through
mathematics or geometry.
It functions in
another kind of way.
It's on the curved line,
not a straight line.
And so when she does it, if
she puts in a female program,
she can't tell anybody how to
do it because it probably will
never do the same thing again.
Female program is constantly
morphing and changing.
It's constantly changing.
It's like female
program, if you're
trying to protect
yourself, she would just
say, well, let God protect me.
Well, God can do anything.
The source of life
can do anything.
So now, the source of
life is protecting her.
And so it may
change the program.
If somebody's trying
to interfere somehow
or trying to hurt
her somehow, it
will just change the program.
And the moment they try
to alter their program
to adapt your program,
they'll change it again
to something else.
And who knows what
is going to be?
They could change
it to anything.
And so that steps of
change and how it works
will maybe never occur again.
And so it's very difficult
if not close to impossible
to beat a female program.
I know Russia,
the United States,
we're in a sparring match
for a long time, psychically.
You may remember
back in the days
when they were attacking each
other's embassies and things
psychically.
And that went on for a
long time until one of them
discovered the
female programming.
And the other one discovered
it right directly after that
and kind of ended it
because once they both get
into that, well, now what do.
And it's all just ideas.
So that's the thing about-- the
female program is different.
You can't write
a piece of paper.
You can't give it
to somebody else
and it will do the same thing.
It doesn't work that way.
But you can use both at once.
You can run both male
programs and female programs
simultaneously in the same
merkaba or the same crystal,
too.
And I don't run very
many programs. .
I only have a few because I
feel like I need to have them,
so I do them.
And then the other one is the
highest form of programming,
which is not programming.
You just simply don't program.
It's from the ancient Chinese
way of perceiving things.
The greatest armor is nakedness,
is total vulnerability.
It's the greatest
armor in existence.
And it's based upon
the understanding
that you and the
source of life are one.
And life is whole, complete,
and perfect exactly as it is.
There is nothing wrong.
It is evolving in precisely the
way that it's supposed to go.
And if you really
know that, you don't
have to get involved
with programming at all.
And it's the same way with--
in psychics' abilities,
it's the same kind of thing.
There are male
psychic abilities,
female psychic abilities,
both, and neither.
The neither ones,
you don't have to.
You just know the answer.
You don't have to.
Whatever you're trying to
do, you just know what it is.
Like there's Chinese
kids out there,
and they were
trying to understand
them, who are faster
than the fastest
supercomputers in the world.
They give calculus problems
that take supercomputers
a half an hour to figure out.
And so here's a little kid
that's like, eight, years old.
And they give him this
unbelievable program.
And they say, OK, go for it.
And now the computer
goes-- [BUZZES]
And he just writes the
answer on the board,
just instantaneously
writes it out.
There's nothing in the middle
because they just know.
And this is where we're going.
But we're not all there yet.
But there are human beings
that can demonstrate this.
So to go back to male
programming, male programming,
when I first started doing
this, the US military
became very afraid of what I
was doing in the beginning.
They didn't understand
what it was.
And almost everybody that
came through my workshop,
when they would leave,
they go back home.
And black helicopters would just
be circling them and projecting
electromagnetic fields into
them for various reasons
to try and understand what
was happening in various ways.
And it was almost everybody,
almost practically
every single person
that went through.
This was in the beginning,
in the '90s and in there.
And they would interfere
with my workshops.
They would wait until I
got my workshops going.
And then as soon as everybody
popped their disk out,
man, within 15 minutes,
they were all over us,
every single time.
And so I just made a little
tiny program in there.
I didn't want to stop what they
were doing because I don't have
any problem with US military.
But I just didn't want
them to interfere with me.
So I just simply put
a program in that
says that, my field-- I
would set up a huge surrogate
or external field that
would surround everything,
which would enclose
everybody's fields.
And then I'd just put that
the field was invisible,
untraceable, and undetectable.
I go off all their screens.
They can't find me.
They don't know where I am.
And it's just like
I don't exist.
And no matter what they
do, they can't find me.
And I was only doing that
so they wouldn't interfere
and so I could give a class
without their interference.
And it worked perfect.
It will always work perfect.
I have a much better
relationship with them now.
For a long time, they tried
to kill me a whole bunch.
And none of it worked.
And they couldn't figure out
why they couldn't kill me.
And so then they finally
decided that they
were going to join me.
And I ended up with a class
full of military people, all
of them.
Yes, sir.
[LAUGHTER]
[MAN SPEAKING]
>>What did they do
to try to kill you?
>>They used airplanes,
all kinds of things.
They went to war
against me at one point.
And it was my fault. It
wasn't their fault. I admit.
It was my fault because
I got mad for a second.
I shouldn't have done that.
They came in.
And I owned 160-acre place
over here not far away.
It was a conference center
that would sleep 55 people.
And it was a really
nice place that we had.
And it was given to
me as a gift, which
when I was done with it, I
gave it back to them because I
didn't need it anymore.
But while we were there--
what was it that happened?
They started interfering
with my workshop.
They came in-- that's what it
was-- with their helicopters,
these four helicopters.
And they wouldn't
leave for a while.
After about 15
times of doing this,
I just psychically
traced up to one of them,
traced back to who the commander
that gave them the order,
went back further, kept
going back through.
And I find myself in
NORAD in Colorado.
And I went down, right into
the Earth through the channels.
It set off all these alarms.
And I went right in
the main controller.
And there's about seven
or eight generals sitting
there, all these people.
And they were just
freaked because they
could see me somehow.
They got some kind of thing.
I don't know what it was.
And they knew I was there.
And I remember going up
to one and saying, OK,
are you the guy that did this?
And he says, no, no.
And they ended up sending
me all away to Bill Clinton.
And he's going, well, I
didn't understand exactly.
Or something like that.
[LAUGHTER]
Well, after that.
they just-- holy cow.
They sent in four helicopters
that parked themselves
over our land and
would not leave
until they ran out of gas.
And four more
would replace them.
And they put all
these instruments
all around our installation
and the mountains around us.
And then they came
in with these jets
that I photographed and
sent to someone that I
know that knows these things.
And he says that those
particular jets are nowhere.
I can't tell you
where they came from.
But he says they're so rare.
And they have psychic
instruments inside of them.
They were used in
the Desert Storm.
And if you noticed
in the Desert Storm,
the enemy just became
afraid, super fear.
They just gave up
and everything.
That wasn't because
they became afraid.
It was because we
made them afraid.
It was through this
waveform technology
that they were just
developing at that time.
And it works.
And so they were
applying that on us.
The only thing is that
they missed me by a day.
My group had left.
Another group had come in.
And the group that
had come in were
just these innocent people.
Didn't know.
And they were so confused.
They were walking
around out in the desert
with their
toothbrushes, mumbling.
They didn't know their
names or anything.
And so it's a long story.
But I've been
through this enough.
And eventually, they finally
came and approached me
directly.
And we had long conversations.
And what set them
off so much afraid
was from their
satellites-- you may not
know this-- but one person,
one single individual--
and they told me this--
puts out approximately
the same amount of energy as
a city of about 15,000 people,
the entire city.
And they could see
you walking around.
You make a very bright
light on the ground
when you're moving around
from the satellites.
>>From your merkaba?
>>From your merkaba, yes.
They know when you're
in your merkaba.
And they're starting to see
these all over the world.
And then they started fearing,
well, if a person puts out
this much energy, who are they?
And what does this mean?
So that's when they all
came to a workshop and said,
you've got to tell
us what you're doing.
So I did.
There's these beams of light.
[LAUGHTER]
You breathe this way.
You do this.
And they took it serious.
They did.
And I wanted them
to take it serious.
I'm not against my country.
So anyway, they
eventually came in.
And once they
understood it, they even
set up a special thing at
Kirkland Air Force Base
just for this kind
of understanding.
And where they've
taken it, I don't know.
You can use this all you want
in military as long as you
don't use it offensively.
You can only use it defensively.
You can use your merkaba
to protect yourself.
But you can't kill
anybody with it
because then you kill the love.
And the whole thing dies.
Russia, and I've been right
in the midst of Russia,
in the government.
The government
pulled me right in.
All five levels of the KGB have
been to the flower of life.
All the heads of them.
And Putin was very
aware of all this.
But he didn't go
through one of them.
But he was very much
in support of it.
When I went over there, they
watched everything I was doing.
They eventually brought
me into the Kremlin.
I was brought right before the
National Academy of Sciences
for Moscow.
Was introduced to all of them.
There's four men and four women.
And then the women are
just pure psychics.
So they came up.
And they were
scanning me all over
and going in and looking in deep
and all these different levels.
And finally, they said,
OK, yeah, he's OK.
He's not here to
kill us or anything.
And they presented to me
their secret knowledge
of their military.
Their military defense system is
100% based on merkaba science.
I don't think that anybody
in the world could beat them.
If you attacked them,
I don't think you
could beat them at this point.
I don't think it
would be possible.
And they were very good.
I really want a relationship
between the United States
and Russia.
I think it would be very
important for the world
if we could ever
get to be friends.
And I hope this
happens some day.
There's still a lot of
suspicion in Russia for us.
And for good reason.
Because we haven't
been very nice
in the world in a lot of ways.
Yeah
>>I guess I'm just wondering
how militarily-minded people
and people that
are-- they do attack
and they are killing people
and things like that.
How do they find the divine
love to actually experience
the merkaba?
It just seems a
little contradictory.
>>Yeah, I know.
I understand.
Well actually, the people
that went to this, there
was nobody under a major that
went in there, not one person.
A major was the lowest one.
And there were no
generals, either, though.
They were all in between major
and colonel and all that.
And most of them were female.
And they were people
who were really
trying to understand
ways of looking at war.
Of course, they were looking at
protecting the United States.
But they were
looking at other ways
than the normal ways of
trying to understand things.
And they were
seriously doing this.
Where they have taken
it at this point,
I'm not exactly
sure because I have
a lot of friends that have
been taken in by the military.
And Navy is the worst of all.
And this was the Air Force.
And the Air Force, I prefer
them over any other ones.
And exactly how they're
applying this, I don't know.
Or if they even if
they are applying it.
I think that they
are mostly trying
to understand it
more than anything
because they can
see what's going on.
And they all had
a lot of success
with getting their
merkaba fields going?
Or you're not sure about that?
>>I don't know
about all of them.
But I do know some
of them I stayed
with for a couple
years, especially
this one woman who was a major.
And she was very good at it.
She understood it.
And I wanted them
to understand it.
So they understood that this
was not a threat to the United
States or to the world.
It's just a natural
process of evolution,
of consciousness rising
up to another level.
And so if they really
want to protect
the security of the world
and the United States,
they need to understand
what's happening
and not go into fear
over it, but just
understand it so they
can see what is a threat
and what is not a threat.
At this point, I
believe they fully
understand it's not a threat.
And they also understand
what is evolving right now
in terms of the Earth changes.
They're no dummies.
They have a very good
understanding of what it is.
They don't know how to deal
with a lot of these things.
I mean, just what's going
with the solar flares,
which I want to talk
about right now.
I mean, you've got the entire
world on a red alert because
of this right now.
The whole world is freaked
out because right now,
according to NASA, we have
two years left, period.
And the whole entire
world is going
to break apart on
every single level
that we know, from financial
to everything, absolutely
everything.
And they're rapidly
trying to find answers.
Well, the answers lie
in this because a lot
of the stuff that
is about to happen,
you can't solve technologically.
You have to solve
with inner technology.
And they have to
know what this is
or they're not going to make it.
If they rely totally
on technology,
that technology--
the sun is about the
wipe off technology right
off the face of the Earth.
NASA just now said, every single
computer on Earth by-- well,
you could protect it.
With Faraday cages, you
might be able to protect
some information and stuff.
And they're trying to find ways.
But what they've announced
to the world, what
NASA has announced,
and so has the UK
announced, that by
2013, the solar flares
are going to be so great that
they're going to blow out
all of our technology.
Every single computer
disk in the world
is going to be erased.
What does that mean?
Just think about it.
[LAUGHTER] There'll be no money.
There'll be no electricity.
There'll be no water.
There'll be no food.
There'll be no nothing.
You'll be on your
own in your house.
And that's it.
And that's where it stands
right now as of this minute,
unless they can
figure out what to do.
We know what to do.
We know exactly what to do.
But how do you get seven
billion people to do it?
Not likely.
[MAN SPEAKING]
Well, the merkaba will
keep you alive during all
of this because if you
program the merkaba,
if the magnetic field
were to go to zero,
which every geomagnetic
scientist on Earth believes
is going to happen very
soon and that the poles are
going to reverse themselves.
When they reverse, when north
becomes south and south becomes
north, there's a period of
time when it goes to zero.
And that is the time-- that's
what happened in Atlantis.
And when it did, it erased the
memory of every single person
there, except for
a certain group
of people, which were called
[INAUDIBLE] because they knew
all this stuff, and the
ascended masters, which they're
beyond even knowing this stuff.
And so everybody just
lost their memory.
They all died.
Very few survived this.
I mean, they were right back
to, how do you make fire.
They didn't even
know what fire was.
I mean, you wouldn't be
able to get out of this room
because you wouldn't
know what a door was.
You wouldn't know
what human meant.
Your memory is
retained by magnetics,
very much like a disk.
And around every
brain cell, there's
a magnetic sheath around there.
And your memory is
literally stored in a way
that they don't
quite understand yet.
It's stored in space.
A lot of people have
memory stored out
millions of miles away,
not even in their bodies.
And it can be stored internally,
equivalent to millions
of miles away.
But it's small.
So there's a lot of things
that they don't yet.
But I believe that we
will get this in time,
that no, probably the
whole world is not
going to figure this out.
But there's going to be
enough people, whatever
that amount is, for us
all to keep humanity alive
and to go forth and go on.
I would like to see every
single last person go through.
I hope that's true.
But the reality is, this
is probably not true.
But if they die, they
still won't be harmed.
You have three things that can
to happen to you right now.
And there's a
fourth thing that's
about to appear on Earth.
Nobody on Earth
knows about it yet.
You can die.
And if you do, you're going
to go through normal death.
And you're going to end
up in three overtones
of the fourth dimension.
It's either the 10th,
11th or 12th overtone
of the fourth dimension.
And if you die,
you're going to end up
in the 10th overtone of
the fourth dimension.
And if you go
through resurrection,
where you die and then
after, as you're dying
and you're still in your body,
then you reconstruct your body
and bring it with you because
that's what you have to do
is bring your body with you.
This is what's important,
this physical body.
This is the key to
higher consciousness.
You might not think
so, but it is.
And it doesn't matter what
kind of condition it's in.
It could be missing
arms and legs
and broken up and in the
wheelchair and everything else.
I don't care.
If it's got a beating
heart, you're fine.
And so you can go through
resurrection, which
was demonstrated by Jesus.
And that's a possibility.
Or you can go through ascension,
where you don't actually die.
You come to a place where you
understand all this stuff.
You got it down.
You sit down.
You say, OK, I've decided
that I'm going leave.
You take the 18th breath, poof.
You actually disappear right
before somebody's eyes.
And you take the body directly,
without going through the death
process in the normal way.
There's a fourth way
that's about to emerge.
I'm kind of excited
about it actually.
Nobody's ever done before.
And I don't know what it is.
[LAUGHTER]
But I know it's
here because the two
ways of resurrection
and ascension
are actually
connected to alchemy.
And in alchemy, there
have been two ways
that you can create gold.
And that is through lead into
gold or mercury into gold.
They're both very toxic ways.
They're not very safe to do.
They have certain problems
associated with them.
But they work.
And on the fifth day, we'll talk
about what that actually means
and everything.
But a new way has just emerged
in the last few months.
You can turn silicon
into gold, crystal.
And it isn't toxic.
It's extremely clean.
It doesn't have
any of the problems
that everything else has.
And we're doing it right
here in Sedona right now.
And so I know it's possible
because we're actually holding
gold in our hand from doing it.
We're taking this and
coming up with gold.
And so what I'm trying to do is
when we get to the final point,
because we've been doing
research and development
on better and better
and better ways.
And we've finally got
it down to this one
way that's so clean and easy
and fast that it's amazing.
And I don't care about the gold.
I'm interested in the
chemical reaction that
moves through it because
that approximates
how human consciousness
goes to go to higher
levels of consciousness.
And so I feel that
very soon-- and I
feel this will probably be in
the next three or four months,
that soon-- we will have a whole
new way, another way of getting
into higher consciousness,
separate from all
these other-- different than
resurrection and ascension,
another way.
We'll see.
It's either true or not true.
We'll find out.
But definitely, this
part of it is true.
Yeah.
>>Can I protect my daughter
of two years old on my merkaba
during the shift?
>>Yes.
>>Yeah?
>>It's illegal to activate
someone else's merkaba field
throughout the universe,
really, because it
influences their evolution.
So as you do that to
somebody, they rapidly--
whether you guys
realize it or not,
you're growing really
fast right now.
Your evolutionary
speed is not normal.
[LAUGHTER]
You're moving really fast.
You're evolving fast.
And with what you're
about to learn
and what you're about to do
over the next couple days,
and you start taking that,
you're even going to go faster.
Things are going to
become really clear to you
in all kinds of ways.
It's illegal for people
to come from other places.
Like ET's can come
here and mess with us.
Though there have
been so many people
that have broken the
laws with humanity.
We have been screwed with
for thousands of years.
And I don't know.
It's just like, oh, it's OK.
It's just the humans.
Do whatever you want.
But you're not supposed
to do that stuff.
And one of the laws is you
can't activate someone's merkaba
field until they
do it naturally.
However, the one exception
is that if you're
a mother or a father
and you have children
and you're in a life or death
situation, you can do it.
You can't do it to someone
you don't know, another kid
that you don't know.
You can't do it.
But you can protect
your own family.
It's the one exception.
But it does have an
influence on them
that will never, never go away.
And whether that's a-- you've
got to really consider it
because that might influence
them in a way that might not
be positive.
It's hard to say
once you do that.
>>How old would you
recommend the children
be before you actually
teach them how to do this?
At what point do you
think that they're
mature enough to handle it?
>>Well, first of all,
this is synthetic.
If you go back through
humankind, no one taught this.
Like what we're doing right now,
it's never been done before.
We arrived at it during Atlantis
time, through natural means,
not through-- in other
words, if you just
start a race on a
planet, those people
are going to figure this
stuff out on their own
without anybody helping them.
And it's going to usually take
about 150,000 to 200,000 years.
And they will get it.
The only reason we've been
allowed to do this with you,
what we're doing right now, is
because we had obtained this.
A small portion of us
had attained that level
once before.
And because we had
attained it before,
we were able to get permission
from Galactic Center
to synthetically do this.
But it doesn't usually work out.
Well, it works about
roughly half the time.
And half the time,
it doesn't work.
But it's worked.
It's already worked.
We are definitely going to
make it all the way, for sure.
It's already happened.
And there's a part of
the human race that
has already made it through.
That's what we call
the Ascended Masters.
But still, it's
about 8,000 people.
If nobody else made it through,
human kind has made through.
>>Are they physical?
>>The Ascended Masters,
there's only a few
of them that are physical.
Out of the 8,000, I
think there's about 10
of them that can.
And they go back and forth.
They can drop down from
the sixth dimension
and get into the fourth, and
then with great understanding,
create a physical body.
And there's a lot of them.
Like St. Germaine is
back on Earth right now.
And there's a few
others that are probably
going to start teaching or
whatever they're going to do.
I don't know what
they're going to.
Saint Germaine said that he's
going to use his influence.
He's the richest man on Earth.
There's nobody even close.
And so he has this plan
having to do with finances
and what he's going to do.
And I don't know what
that is, exactly.
If I did know, I
wouldn't talk about it.
But I don't know exactly.
And I don't know what that
means, why he's doing that.
But yes, there are people that
are physical, but very few
of them.
Most people, when they go
into the fourth dimension,
you can come back to the third.
But once you go higher than
that and you become formless,
it's really hard to
take form on again.
It's kind of like
saying, well, I'm
going to become a baby again.
It's really hard to do.
And so it's not likely.
>>So as far as the
kids are concerned,
as a follow up to her question,
if we activate our children's
merkaba, is that something
we do as a surrogate?
Or we do the breathing for them?
Do we teach them how to do it?
Is that--
>>It depends on what
level you're on.
If you're between
one and two years,
you have to do it
through this method.
And you would have to
do it like a surrogate
or an external merkaba, only
using them at their breathing
tube as the means.
I don't know that
question for sure.
I was just going to
say, you could even
program their merkaba for them.
But I actually don't know.
That may not be true. .
You might have to tell
them what to do or say.
But the thing is don't
worry about your kids.
If you've got to
worry about anybody,
worry about yourself and any
adults, your husband or et
cetera, those kind of things.
But the children are fine.
If they're under
puberty, they're fine.
The moment this energy
starts coming up
and they start feeling
it, they'll remember.
>>They'll remember.
>>They'll remember and go,
oh, yeah, I know what to do.
You could learn more from
them during that time
than they can learn from you.
>>Does the merkaba actually
maintain the magnetic field
inside of it so we
don't lose our memory?
>>It will not do that
unless you program it.
And so it is a
program that I really
recommend that you put
into your merkaba now.
And that is that if the
magnetic fields ever go to zero,
then your merkaba
will approximate
the Earth's magnetic field.
And it's got to be flowing
through your body, which
this could do.
And if it does that,
you won't even feel it.
Everybody else will be
feeling it and going through
all the symptoms and things.
But you will be normal.
You won't know anything.
>>What about animals and
other races on the planet?
>>Hmm?
>>How about the animals?
>>No problem with it.
The only life form on Earth
that we have a problem with
is humans.
There's no problem with
the rest of life, not any.
>>Great, great.
>>They all know
exactly what to do.
And by the way, even the
ones that go extinct,
they're not really extinct.
They just went
fourth dimensional.
They're there on another
level of existence.
They just can't be here.
And maybe someday, they
may want to come back here.
The potential is still there.
But they're fine too.
And we've had a lot.
I mean, we had 30
million species on Earth
in the year 1900, approximately.
We got about 15 million now.
If you were coming from
space looking at Earth,
you would say it is dying.
It took hundreds and
hundreds of millions
of years for these life
forms to be developed.
And it took a less than
about 100-and-something years
to kill it.
It's incredible.
And it's still dying
really, really fast.
I mean, the people
that say there's
no environmental
problem, it's like--
[LAUGHTER]
They're not looking
around themselves.
I mean, it's huge.
Yeah.
>>Do you sense that
the solar flare
problem or the
polar shift problem
is going to happen before
the fourth dimensional shift?
Or is it possible the Earth will
just shift to save humanity?
So we avoid all that.
>>I mean, right now you have
many things going on at once.
Environmentally,
we are to a point
where there could be a shift
within 72 hours to an ice age
any second.
And at this point, it's
down to the ocean currents.
And they're breaking
apart right now.
If you look at the Gulf Stream,
it's changing shape now.
That's the final step.
When it starts changing
shape, you got a problem.
And that is the final step.
When that goes through, then
the very next thing that
happens after that as that you
have-- literally, in 72 hours,
the clouds back over the sky.
And you don't see the sun again
for 90,000 years, not even
for a minute.
So the thing about the
day after tomorrow,
it's a bunch of garbage.
A lot of it's true.
But the idea that this
big superstorm went away
and everything's beautiful and
we're back together again, no,
that's not what happens.
That's not the
scientific evidence.
You don't see the
sun again for 90,000.
That's an average.
Sometimes, it's as
much as 120,000,
sometimes a little shorter, but
it averages at 90,000 years.
And the average temperature
is 50 below zero.
That's average.
The only place you
can really live
is right around the
equator, pretty much,
to stay alive, unless you
use psychic energy, which
was what was done in Helsinki.
I don't know if you
guys know what's
going on there in Finland.
But it's pretty
extraordinary, what
they have been doing for a
long, long, long, long time
because these ice ages
go are consistent.
You have an average of
90,000 years ice age,
10,000 years of warmth,
90,000 years of ice age,
10,000 years of warmth.
And we've had 10,000
years of warmth.
And so even if there were
no human beings on Earth
right now and all
the carbon dioxide
that we're putting
into the air, it just
brought it in a little closer.
But it would still be happening.
It would still be
coming up very soon.
And we would have this.
So anyway, we got
this ice age that's
probably going to happen.
However, are 490,000 years,
it does the exact opposite.
And instead of going cold,
it just keeps getting hot.
And that's almost worse because
then, the average temperature
gets up to 130 or something.
And it kills everything.
But we have other problems,
environmental problems.
We've got a lot of
environmental problems
that nobody will discuss.
They won't even talk about them
because they're so serious.
All we talk about
is global warming.
But there are a lot of
things way worse than that.
And nobody wants
to talk about them.
One simple one is
the carbon dioxide
that we've been
generating over the years.
A lot of environmentalists
secretly and very quietly
have been very
concerned about this
because the amount that would
been released, half of it,
50% of it disappeared.
Where did it go?
They didn't know where it went.
I mean, secretly, they're
going, we got to find this.
It's there.
Where did it go?
And nobody could find
it for a long time.
And then just a
few years ago, they
discovered it's in the oceans.
The oceans absorbed it.
The oceans absorbed it?
at first, they went, yay,
the oceans absorbed it.
We know where it is.
And then they went,
wait a minute.
And then they took readings.
Do you know that the ocean right
now has the same carbon dioxide
readings that were in
our oceans a little
more than 100 million years ago?
It means that every single thing
in the ocean is going to die,
except for things
that were there
probably 100 million years ago.
We won't be able to survive.
All the coral reefs are dying.
They're all going to go.
Everything we know.
And that's the bottom
of the food chain.
It means we're going to go.
We have a limited time here.
We don't know what
it means for sure.
But we're the top.
And so, when the bottom
goes, we're in trouble.
And did you hear
anything about this?
Where do you hear about this?
Nobody's talking about this
because there is no answer.
It's something that's happened.
And we can't change it.
And so all can do is just keep
talking about global warming
and things like that.
And that's only one.
There's over 70 environmental
issues that are right now,
but if any one of them break
down, the whole world dies.
And they're all of
them are sitting there.
The ozone, nobody is talking
about the ozone anymore.
You think it's getting better?
No, it's getting worse
and worse and worse.
The ozone holes
are getting huger.
They're starting to
happen all over the place.
We can't live if
the ozone disappears
because you'll go blind.
All the animals will go blind.
We won't be able see.
The UVC light
makes you go blind.
And skin cancer.
There's a whole city
in South America
that they either have
to move or everybody
has to leave from because
they're inside of an ozone
hole that won't go away.
And you got indigenous
people there
with really thick brown skin.
And they're still
getting burned.
They applied to
the United Nations.
They said, we didn't do this.
Could you move our city?
But they wouldn't do it
because they know there's
going to be a lot more of them.
And you can go on and on and on.
So that's one thing is the
environmental issues that
are huge.
And then you have this
thing with the pole shift.
And science right now is really
in denial of this whole thing.
What they're talking about now
is just a bunch of garbage.
They've actually
changed the records
just so they wouldn't
have to talk about it.
I mean, they've actually
gone into the universities
and altered the records.
I can't believe it.
But they did.
We can prove it.
We've got the records
before and after.
And you can look at them.
Well, this is what it was.
And look at what it is now,
and it's just a bunch of-- it's
not true.
OK, I'm going to try to focus
in on one particular area
here right now.
I mean, we could go on
and on and on and on.
I could probably go for weeks.
But I want to talk
about the solar flares,
the magnetic field,
and the poles shift
and I'm going to try to
do it in a concise method.
When I was saying that the
records have been changed,
on one issue that
we've documented,
and that is on the Schumann
frequency of the planet.
There's a Schumann
frequency in the Earth.
There's the Schumann
frequency above the Earth.
And what the
Schumann frequency is
is lightning strikes
that are hitting
the Earth, how many
lightning strikes per second.
And over the whole
Earth, that's what causes
the ringing, the frequency.
And the frequency is 7.28
Hertz, I think it is.
Is that right?
>>Yeah.
>>It is right?
7.23.
OK, 7.23.
I can't remember.
It has been so
consistent for so long
that the military uses it
to calibrate their machines
and guns and things.
And then in the '80s,
it started changing.
And it started rising, more
lightning hitting the Earth.
And it slowly
started getting up.
And Gregg Braden was
mapping with this.
He's from Martin
Marietta originally.
And he's a real scientist.
And he was studying this.
And he says, wow,
this is amazing.
And I was working with him.
We're really good friends.
And we were watching this.
And it kept rising.
It got up to about
9 point something.
I don't remember exactly what
it was, approximately 9.5 Hertz.
And that's when our government
changed all the records
because we were getting
the records directly
from Berkeley, California
and various places that
were watching and
recording all of this.
And we have them.
We could see what they were.
And then, in a single day,
suddenly all the records
were changed.
And they said, nah,
there's been no change.
It's 7.23 or whatever it is.
And then we're
looking at the records
world that's not what this is.
And then the Russians and the
Germans just said, this is BS.
It's not true that
it's still rising.
Well, for some
reason, our government
didn't want us to believe
the frequency was rising.
And so they decided to make a
change in the scientific data,
which is weird, which makes
you say, what else have they
changed.
And so in Russia, Russia is
now saying that the Hertz is
approaching 13 Hertz right now.
And Germany was
saying the same thing.
They agree with that.
But we don't.
We're still saying, nah,
there's been no change at all.
OK, well, this is not true.
And so there's a
lot of other things
that I've realized they've
changed in recent times.
And that has to do
with pole shifts.
They really don't want us to
know when the pole shifts were.
And they've changed
the data from what
I have read and got in my house
and everything else like that.
They're now saying the
last pole shift was--
what do they say now?
I think it was 790,000 years
ago or something like that
is what they're now saying.
And that is not true.
The last pole shift was
about 13,000 years ago.
And there was another one
about 26,000 years ago.
And there's massive
data on that.
Where is it now?
I don't know.
It's kind of interesting.
This has all happened in the
last couple years, maybe less.
But anyway, what
I know from this
is that when there's a pole
shift, every single time
in the past and we studied it
back for 250 million years.
But now they're back
about 450 million years.
But every time there's a pole
shift, prior to the pole shift,
there's always a magnetic
pole shift first.
And because magnetics is the
key that makes the pole shift.
I mean, if you understand the
pole shift, for a long time,
especially in the
1900s, scientists
couldn't understand how a
pole shift was even possible.
Because you've got a
gyroscope, a big one,
the Earth rotating on an axis.
And to change that axis to a
new axis, the amount of energy
would be unbelievable
to move that.
I mean, you take a motorcycle
tire going at 60 miles an hour
and try to move that.
If you could get out beside
the road and try to move it,
it would be almost impossible.
This is 80 zillion,
billion, trillion, zillion
tons of moving around an axis.
It would take a moon hitting
the Earth or something
to change an axis.
Yet, we know that the
Earth has had axis
shifts many, many, many times.
We tracked out at
least over 200 times
it's happened before, up
to 250 million years ago.
So we know it's happened.
But how can it possibly happen?
This is what was going on
the minds of many scientists
in the 20th century.
And then right toward the
end of the 20th century,
there were some scientists
that figured something out.
And then they did it in
more than two universities.
They were able to verify
that this was true.
And it's now the leading
theory, since we've never
experienced it before.
It's a leading theory now
as to how it can happen.
And basically,
you have the crust
of the Earth, which varies
from of about 20 to 40,
50 kilometers deep
or so, which is
like an egg shell around here.
And then underneath that,
you have the mantle.
In between the mantle and
the crust of the Earth
is a rock formation.
It's homogeneous
over the whole world.
And what's interesting
about this rock formation
is that they discovered in labs
that this particular rock is
only rock as long as
there's a magnetic field.
If the magnetic field goes
away for more than two weeks--
and some scientists
say it would take
three weeks, but
two or three weeks--
after two or three weeks.
It turns to a liquid.
It literally becomes like oil.
And so now you have the crust.
It could just spin
in any direction.
So the axis of the Earth and
the major mass of the Earth
doesn't stop turning
exactly as it always has.
But the crust could
rotate, which would
appear to be an axis change.
And they believe
that what is going
to do that is at the South
Pole, the ice forms off center.
There's all kinds of theories.
I've listened to about
eight or nine experts
tell me eight or nine different
things about how this works.
And they're all pretty good.
I don't know which one it is.
But it always forms off center.
And so you have this
huge mass of two
and three miles high of water.
It's enough water between
this and the North Pole
to raise the oceans, I
think, about 235 feet or so.
And so, if suddenly the
surface is free to spin,
there still has to
be a force to do it.
Well, that mass would
move into the spin.
And it would move the
axis, the appearance
of the axis move where you
are relative to the equator
would change,
except in two spots,
which is right where-- those
two places would not change.
And so they now
think they believe
they understand how
it could happen,
how it even could happen.
But that's all triggered--
it's consistent with the data
because it would require that
the magnetic poles change
first and then the pole shift.
The Mayans are absolutely
convinced, and so the Hopi,
that we're going to pole shift.
To them, it's not a maybe.
It's in their calendars.
It says it's going to happen.
And they believe it.
If there was to be a pole shift,
forget about everything else.
Forget about the Richter
scale of 1 to 10.
How about 1 to 30?
This is when mountains
go up and down
and all these kinds of things.
If that were to happen,
there would probably
be very few buildings
left on Earth
that would be standing
because it would just
be too, too huge, though this
place here has survived it.
This place was
underwater three times.
And all these mountains
were worn from water.
And when you see the White
Mountains that are above it,
those are jagged?
Those were islands.
And if you get down and you
could see the whole thing,
you can see right
where the water was.
And you look up on top and
see you're down in the bottom.
You can see right
where-- it's really clear
once you see the picture.
But that was 100
million years ago.
And this has been through
many, many pole shifts.
And it's never been inundated
with water since then.
And it's been very stable.
So that's the reason I'm here.
[LAUGHTER]
Besides, I was
told to come here.
I could see why they did.
And there's going to
be a lot of places.
It doesn't really
matter where you are.
This is not about
geographical location.
This is all about a
heart relationship
between you and the Earth.
And I'll explain that
later when we can.
OK, so the magnetic poles,
let's just talk about what's
happening with this so you can
get a really quick picture.
It's an overview of it.
The magnetics of
the Earth have been
stable for a very long
time, as far as we know.
You can go into the
rocks and everything
and see exactly
what was going on.
And about 2,000 years ago,
there was a very sharp drop.
And the magnetics begin to
get weaker on the Earth.
About 500 years
ago, and the Mayans
say it was 528 years ago, there
was another drop, very steep.
And it kept leading down
to our modern day times.
And then about 45
years ago or so--
I'm just guessing
approximately--
it became a lot worse.
And the magnetic field--
Did I talk about this already?
>>No.
>>No?
Suddenly I wasn't sure.
About 45 years ago, the
magnetic fields began to wander.
The lines don't just
go straight line,
like you see on maps over there.
They go like little
rivers heading north.
They keep changing.
And it's a zig-zaggy
thing all over the world.
The gravity is not
the same everywhere.
That's another thing.
Your weight changes depending
on where you are on the Earth.
And there's a lot of things that
we don't normally talk about.
But that's the way it is.
And about 45 years ago,
that's when the anomalies
became so great that we
begin to watch and see
how the dolphins and the
whales, for example, begin
to beach themselves
and start coming up
because they use
those lines of force
to follow their migration lines.
And all of a sudden,
they're going along, say,
the West Coast of the United
States, da-da-da-da-da,
and that line usually
follows them all down.
They usually go all the way
down into the southern oceans.
And suddenly, the line changed.
It goes in to land.
And they just go right up into
a beach following that thing.
And this is why they
were beating themselves.
And even whales that
were 20 miles back
would come in and go
follow right back onto it.
They're following those lines.
And then birds all over
the world, their migration
patterns, they were migrating,
but they weren't ending up
where their migration was.
They were ending up
an unknown places
because they were following
these magnetic lines that
are no longer where
they used to be.
Then in the about the
middle of the '90s,
the difference in the magnetic
poles and the True North
of where the magnetic spin
is on is becoming so great
that when airplane liners
were coming in to land,
they're compasses
were not accurate.
And so it was getting dangerous.
They had to change all
the aeronautical maps
of the entire world.
And I've got the old
ones and the new ones.
I can actually show.
You can see that they've all
been altered so that they
could make that correction.
And then recently-- what,
three months ago or something?
You heard about
how in Florida they
had to change the
markings down there
because the magnetic poles
are moving faster and faster.
They've been moving
for about 180 years.
But they used to move
in little tiny bits.
Now it's getting bigger and
bigger and bigger and bigger.
Last year was almost
40 miles it moved.
And it's getting bigger.
It's now actually
legally in Siberia.
And so the difference
in those two,
between the spin of the
Earth and magnetic poles
of the Earth, you have to
look at the internal structure
because the external structure
is spinning around one axis.
But what causes the magnetic
field is the iron core.
And the iron core, as
the magnetic poles turn,
is turning.
So you you've got an internal
twist inside the Earth
that is causing incredible
stress on the tectonic plates
and what's in here, which is
all these earthquakes that
are going.
We have increased the
global catastrophes.
10 years ago, it was over
500-and-something percent
increase from what was normal.
And it's getting worse
and worse and worse
as you've noticed lately because
of this amazing stress that's
inside there.
Then in 2003, I believe it
was, the geomagnetic scientists
of the world, of really a whole
team of these people-- they're
from international-- made
a movie through "Nova."
And they put it on
television talking
about what was going on
in the geomagnetic field
because at the South Pole,
the lines go out of the South
Pole, curve around, and what
is traditionally thought of
is it goes all the way around
and comes in the North Pole.
That is not what happens.
It goes out the North Pole,
goes into the equator,
goes through, and then goes
up, and then one goes down.
And so they're not
accurate on that.
And today, at this
moment, they're
beginning to realize
this, because there's now
four magnetic poles, not two.
There's a north one, a south
one, and two at the equator.
And that doesn't work with
the existing understanding
of what things are.
However, it works perfect
with Nassim Haramein's
understanding.
If you understand the
geometry he's using,
it makes it crystal clear.
What's going on
at the South Pole
is that the lines are
going out and there's holes
forming all over down there.
They're going out and turning
and wrapping right back in.
And so that's making the
field weaker, even weaker.
And so in 2003, they
said that if this
continues, that we're going to
have a reversal of the poles.
The North Pole is
going to become south.
The South Pole is
going to become north.
And this could
happen-- what they
said then-- is within 25 years.
Well, at that first one,
they said in the near future.
They wouldn't give
an exact time.
They just said some time
it's going to happen.
They didn't know when.
That was in 2003.
Then about two or three
years ago, something
like that, these same people
came back on the internet
because they were so worried
about what was going on.
And they said, oh, this is
much worse than we thought.
And the holes are growing
bigger at a faster rate
than we thought.
And we now predict
that this pole shift
is going to take place
in the next 25 years,
much earlier than we thought.
Then a little more than a year
or so ago-- and by the way,
they only had 11 days
to talk about this
and the government shut them
off, took their website down
and wouldn't let them
discuss it any further.
And then they came on just not
too long ago, a year or so ago,
and said, this is way
worse than we thought.
This could happen any minute.
These tools are getting huge.
And this isn't
going to shut off.
And they got five days before
they were shut off on that one.
They wouldn't let
them to talk about it.
And so the situation is
getting worse very, very fast.
But just in the last
few months, something
is going on that the world
was never really seen before.
And nobody knows
how to deal with it.
And I didn't know this
was going to happen either
because when I was told, I
knew this was going to happen.
But I didn't know this phase
that we're in right now
and how it's affected humankind.
I knew that when it went
to zero after two weeks
it will erase your memory if
you don't have your merkaba
field around you.
I knew that.
But what I didn't
know is the symptoms
that lead up to
that, which we're now
into this period of time.
For the last 15 years, there's
been an increase of people
having ringing in their ears.
How many people have ringing
in their ears in here?
Look around you.
See how many people this is.
[MAN SPEAKING]
Yeah, I know.
That's caused by the magnetics.
We know that now.
Nobody knew what
it was going on.
They were trying to say it was
this or that or what or thing.
It's the magnetic field
which is causing that.
And there's other
kinds of symptoms.
There's a symptom or a
sensation or a feeling
that there's a stream of
energy coming out of your ears
or going into your ears.
And there's another one where
the inside of your eardrum
just won't quit tickling.
It just won't stop.
And another one
that's even worse
is where you get
dizzy all the time.
You lose your balance.
And it's all
associated with that.
Memory problems is
another one that
is associated with
that because there's
a direct relationship between
the magnetics and memory.
Also emotions, physical
emotions are directly
caused by the magnetic field.
I believe it what's going on
in the Arab world right now
is because of the incredible
magnetics that are happening
all over the world and that
their emotions have been so
stressed out for so long,
they just said no more.
But I think that's the
trigger that's behind it.
And so my wife was working
in Russia recently.
She just got back.
This was about maybe five
weeks ago when she was there.
And she was set at a table
at the Ukraine Hotel speaking
with this lady from Germany who
was walking down the street.
And suddenly her heart-- this is
another effect is on the heart.
Her heart just started going
faster and faster and faster
and faster and
faster and faster.
And she couldn't do anything.
And her ears started
getting really weird.
And everything started spinning.
And she collapsed on the street.
And they came and got into
an ambulance, brought her
to the hospital.
They did a full check on her.
And the doctor comes
in and says to her,
there's really nothing
wrong with you.
You're just totally normal.
There's nothing wrong with you.
What's happening is
you just responding
to the incredible magnetic
field that's going on right now.
They said that.
If we knew that in
the United States,
we'd still never tell them that.
But over there they did.
And one of the major newspapers,
the government allowed this.
And they put in a huge
article of several pages
telling them of all the
symptoms they are finding.
There's about 35
different symptoms,
mostly with the magnetic--
memory, heart, balance,
all these kinds of
things-- and telling people
that if you feel these
symptoms, there's really
nothing we know what to do.
It's the magnetics of the
Earth that is causing that.
And they're just being
frank about it in Russia.
They'll probably never
say anything here
in the United States.
They might in Europe, maybe,
if it gets obvious enough.
And so I didn't know
these symptoms were there.
It means that we are getting
really, really close.
We really are.
We're getting
really, really close.
The Mayans are clear--
they're saying, well, yeah.
We're going to have a pule
shift here really soon.
And so we need to know
learn how to use our merkaba
fields and all this knowledge
so that we don't have
these kind of symptoms,
not just the memory loss,
but all of these
other symptoms that
are going in there because
we have to stay completely
balanced to be able to do
what we're going to do.
If you end up having a heart
attack because of this,
that's not going to help you
or the world or anything.
I know there are a lot of
people all over the world right
now working on this, trying to
understand exactly what to do.
But this is the thing I
want to put across to you.
The magnetic field,
it's like a room.
It completely surrounds
you and passes through you.
And it regulates many things
within your body, your emotions
and a lot of stuff we
were talking about.
It's tied directly to it.
And so we now have to
talk about the sunspots
and the solar flares.
Solar flares come
out of sunspots.
And what's going on
with this because this
is directly connected to it.
And you need to
understand what's
happening so you can take
whatever action you feel it you
need to take.
The solar flares,
the sun just came out
of one of the calmest
periods ever seen forever.
We're in Solar Cycle 24.
And we've never
seen this before.
It was four years
of absolute silence,
just like water
just being smooth.
Bizarre.
On Valentine's Day, it was
the next class of flare
that went off.
It was the fourth
largest one in history.
And since then, it's
just every single day.
The sun has been getting
more and more active.
Well, the solar flare,
what a solar flare
is a magnetic
pulse from the sun.
OK, it's magnetic in nature.
And it takes eight minutes to
get here, and then 20 minutes
to get through the atmosphere.
And then it
instantaneously-- and NASA
was talking about this.
I was reading what they
were saying about this.
Instantaneously, it changes
the entire magnetic field
if the Earth in a second, as
fast as a lightning strike
is what they were saying.
And so what happens is
you are used to the field
being in a certain
strength, a certain way,
and moving in a certain way.
Wherever you live,
you're used to that.
And even if you drive a car
or anything else like that,
it's changing as you go.
And you can feel those changes.
You're used to all of that.
But when a solar flare
hits, you're sitting there.
And it's just ding.
It's instantly
something different.
It's just like you're just
put in another spot the world,
instantaneously, on the
other side of the planet
or something.
And so another one
of the symptoms
is people feeling like they're
lost, like something happened
and they don't know what it
is because the field changed.
And they weren't able
to adapt to that change.
And so that's what
we have to learn
is how to adapt to
these rapid changes
so when solar flare comes
in, we can adapt to it.
If you can't adapt to the
speed at which it's doing it,
there is a way that you can
program your merkaba in such
a way that when a solar
flare hits, it stays the same
and the solar flare
goes-- [WHISTLES] It
moves the magnetic field
to another configuration.
Well, instead of going
there instantaneously,
which causes all kinds
of symptoms and problems,
you can just take your time.
Track back over there.
But instead of doing
it instantaneously,
take a couple
weeks or something.
Just keep moving
in that direction
because as you want to go there.
This is what we're thinking.
This is what everyone
I'm working with
thinks that this is
probably the best thing.
This has just emerged.
The whole world doesn't know
how yet to deal with this.
But we've got to learn how.
I mean, I'm just throwing
out a warning out there.
We need to understand this.
What the Mayans are saying
is very interesting.
And I'm not going to talk
about exactly what they
do because I haven't put
out enough information.
They say how to do this
and what to do about this.
And so it's another
very simple thing.
But I can't talk about
it now because we
haven't had enough stuff put out
there for it to make any sense.
So I'm going to come
back to this later
of what they say is the answer
of how to deal so you don't
feel these symptoms
and what's going on
because it is
dangerous, especially
if you're driving a
car or an airplane
or flying a plane or
something like that,
even a bicycle, for that
matter, or a motorcycle.
I mean, if suddenly
your heart starts racing
and you go unconscious,
that's not good.
So how many people feel
the kind of symptoms,
that I'm-- how many people are
feeling their heart started
to race a lot?
Really, all these things
very well may-- I mean,
you still need to see a doctor
and talk to them and everything
else like that.
But it may not be anything
that they can do about this.
I just wanted to bring it up
because it's very clear right
now to me what is going on.
I just don't know quite
how to respond to this yet.
But after I give everything from
tomorrow and the next day, then
I'm going to come back to this.
And I'll present what the
native people are saying to do.
And you can make if your
own decision on that.
OK, this has really been
the day of the mind.
Thinking, thinking, thinking.
Whew, I'm so glad we're
on the end of this.
OK.
>>I was just wondering to what
extent HAARP technology is not
having more of an
impact in terms of--
>>Heart?
>>HAARP.
>>Oh, HAARP.
>>Yeah, in terms of ringing
in the years and all of that
and the artificial manipulation
of the magnetic field.
>>Well, yeah, HAARP,
mean, I haven't
been following them for awhile.
I know what they're doing.
I mean, I understand what
they're doing to a degree
anyway, and the
weapon that they're
creating from this and the kinds
of things they can do with it.
I don't agree with
this kind of research.
I think it's over the top.
This is way more powerful
than atomic bombs
and potentially more dangerous.
>>What they're doing?
>>What they're doing.
>>Yes, I thought that
the ringing in the ears
was mostly caused
by what they're
doing, as opposed to
natural occurrences
in the magnetic field.
>>Well, the Russians
in their research
have come up with
that it's not HAARP.
It's the magnetic field.
And it has been.
See, the magnetic field
actually has been pretty crazy
now for at least
a solid 30 years.
I'm leaning more toward the
natural response to what this
is, though it could be both.
I mean, what they're
doing is insane.
I mean, you talk about it
invasive upon the environment.
I mean, boiling the atmosphere
is just incredible that anybody
would even consider doing
something like that.
>>And how that can affect
our magnetic field, as well,
our emotions, our thoughts.
>>I know, I know, I know.
It's just amazing.
And all the times we've
shot ourselves in the foot
too by testing it and
not knowing what--
because it's hard to control
and everything else like that.
But there are weapons
even more dangerous
than that that are far more
controllable that they're
using.
HAARP is a big one of them.
But the Russians have
some pretty amazing ones.
And these things have never
been used in warfare yet.
We don't think, anyway.
But I hope we never
have to because there's
a lot of stuff
going out there that
just goes against everything.
It's totally anti-life.
It's beyond protecting oneself.
You would think that people
would understand that you just
don't do certain things.
But they don't.
The Russians are so good
at controlling weather,
for example.
What I was brought
over there, they
spent a lot of time
talking to me about what
Slim and I were doing.
They were following us
for years and watching
what we were doing.
And so they actually
gave us that their coils
and what they were doing
and how they were doing it.
And they were light
years ahead of us.
And we were using their coils.
They let me bring them back
to the United States even,
some of them.
And we were using them.
And what Bob Dratch
and Slim Spurling
were doing, which would
take months to achieve,
I have watched achieved
in less that one second.
[ZOOP]
You can change the entire
humidity of the entire state
of Arizona in one
second and drop it
or raise it just amazingly.
And nobody could figure it out.
I mean, nobody
would even notice,
which is what is even more weird
that you've done these things.
[SIGHS]
I don't know.
I don't like all that stuff.
But it's going on.
And there's all kinds of
things that are going on.
And there's lots
and lots of them.
And it's amazing that
we're still alive, really.
I mean, to me, it really is.
It's amazing that
we haven't just
blown ourselves into pieces.
There's things that are going
on with atomic radiation that
is really, really bad, that the
world is not aware of at all.
And some of these things
are so huge that we
are right on the edge.
If there were atomic war
right now, for certain,
Earth would not exist at all.
We would break apart
into little tiny pieces
and we would be a photon,
be a belt, in space.
And scientifically,
that's been proven now.
They know this is true.
That's why a lot
of the governments
are so scared about
even a little bit
of underground testing like
what the North Korea's doing.
We're so close.
It wouldn't take much.
And there's other things that
are going on with radiation
about what it's doing
inside the Earth
that we don't have any idea
or understanding about.
We know it's going on.
But we don't know
what to do with it.
There are a lot of positive
solutions around radiation
that have been
developed recently
that are really pretty
good, especially like what's
going on over there in Japan.
There are solutions
for what they have
going on over there right now.
But the people that
hold these solutions
aren't giving them up.
You'd think they would.
But they're not because
it's worth too much money.
The solutions are worth
several trillion dollars.
They'd probably rather
let Japan go than do this.
I'm trying to get
them to change.
We have the solution
for radiation poisoning
in the body.
Absolutely 100%, totally solved.
You could be totally
radiated beyond normal
and solve it completely
in just a few days.
They know exactly how to not
only remove all the radiation
out of the body, but solve all
the damage that has been done.
That's now.
And yet, we're not
allowed to even talk
about it in the United States.
And also all the half lives,
this has been solved too.
The storage banks
for radiation, which
is like tritium, the water that
they're dumping in the ocean.
The half life of the tritium
the 16 billion years.
That'll be here longer than
the Earth exists, probably.
That's now been figured out
how to reduce that to 30 days.
And that's the longest one.
You can take all the
forms of radiation,
take all these dumps that
are all over the world,
go in there, and reduce them
to totally harmless and useful
atoms.
Most things are only
six, seven, eight days.
You can bring them back
to totally healthy things
with no radiation whatsoever.
We know this now.
And it's been demonstrated
and proven in the world.
But they're still not
releasing that quite yet.
But it's there.
And it will happen,
hopefully soon.
So there's a lot of positive
things going on also.
It's not just all bad.
There's a lot of
good stuff happening.
To me, I can't think about
these things too much.
And then all the
conspiracy theories.
You can go on for months
on all the conspiracy
theories that are out there.
I just said no.
And I'm just going
to go into the light
and learn how to do
this because it's
the only thing that's going
to really matter in the end.
All this crazy
stuff they're doing
on technological ways and
science and governments
and their politics and
all this other stuff
and the secret government
and everything else,
you can have it.
I just want to head
into that bright light
and just keep going forward.
>>I have a question.
>>OK.
>>It's about 2012 and the Earth.
So suppose we
activate our merkaba
and breathe our 18th breath and
can disappear during the shift,
where do we go now after--
>>When you disappear?
>>Yes.
>>You don't leave the Earth.
>>But what happens to Earth?
Does it stay, or-- how
about the ice age or--
>>The ice age, we always
go through ice ages.
It's nothing new.
And all these problems are not
really problems for the Earth.
The Earth can solve
all these problems.
However, there are
certain problems
where she's going to have
a little trouble, I know.
But she'll work it out.
I'm not worried about the
Earth or any of the animals
or any of the life
forms or anything on it.
I'm only worried
about the humans.
And I'm not worried about
them anymore because I
know we're going to make it.
But what happens
is, first of all,
there's something going on
that the indigenous people are
completely unaware of.
The Mayans, I sit
down with those guys.
And yeah, they've got
the cycles down pat.
They've got them perfect.
They know.
And they've got all
their information now
that's coming back to them
just as they prophesized.
And we're in the process
of doing that right now.
They've learned how to
go interdimensional,
which is one the primary keys.
They're getting exactly
on time doing what
they're supposed to be doing.
And all things are going well.
But what they don't
know is there's a cycle
that they are not aware of.
And I started to talk
about this with them.
And it just wasn't
the right time yet.
From a Melchizedek point
of view, we know this.
And it's the reason
we came here.
And it was the only reason
we came here, really,
is because of this cycle, and
because as it turned out--
And this is another long story.
And it's not important, really.
But Earth has become extremely
important in this equation.
It has become the
center of everything.
And it doesn't matter
how it happened or why.
But it did.
Normally, you would just think
of the Earth as another grain
of sand on the beach.
But because of certain
experiments and things
that have happened
here, our evolution
is going faster than anything
anyone's ever seen ever,
since the beginning of time.
We've never seen him like this.
And it's just going up
and up and up and up.
If you follow the actual
curve of our evolution,
right now, it's
almost straight up.
And eventually, it's
leading to something.
And what that something is--
the everything's in cycles.
The main word is
in capital letters
and boldface and blinking.
It's the word everything.
Everything is in cycles.
And it's because everything
is created through a sphere.
And everything's in cycles
with the flower of life
and the cycles that
move through it.
This particular universe, which
we think has been here forever
and will go on
forever, no, it won't.
It hasn't been here forever.
There's a very definite
moment when it was created.
And there's a very definite
moment when it will end.
And that cycle comes full
cycle during these cycles
that the Mayans are speaking
about, right now at this time.
And so we're coming to the
end of a universal cycle.
That's what changed
everything relative
to the Grays and the reptiles
and their whole view of things
because they thought something
totally different when
they discovered this.
That's when they
started doing the cattle
mutilation and the
abducting of human beings
because they were trying--
They knew that they would not
be able to make it through this.
They've been trying for
over three million years
to figure this one out.
And they know they can't do it.
And so that's why they created
a race between us and them.
They used their brain,
their memory, their wisdom,
and everything else
that they have.
And they put it into a body
with our emotional body
and blended the two
together so that a merkaba
could be created.
Because what's about to happen
is this entire universe,
octave of universes,
this whole octave
of universes-- there's more
than we know-- is going to end.
It's going to be over.
And all life that's
here now is going
to move up to another octave.
This is a blessing.
This is not a bad thing.
This is a really good thing.
It's really amazing
thing, really.
And we're in the process of
that occurring right now.
And so things like pole shifts
and magnetic pole shifts
and the ice ages and all
these things are just like,
it's not too important
compared to when you
look at this bigger picture.
And the whole universe
is aware of this now.
Everybody is.
And that's why they're here.
They've focused in on
here because they've
realized this is where the
trigger point is taking place.
And they all want
to be part of it
because there aren't very
many new things under the sun.
New things don't
happen very often.
Not only the
importance of what this
is, but just simply anything
new doesn't happen very often.
And this is brand new.
And nobody has ever
experienced this before.
And it was humankind who
experienced it first.
We were the first ones.
It was the Ascended Masters
that I talked about,
where the 8,000 went
over to this other place
and half of them stayed there
and part of them came back.
That was a milestone.
It was huge.
When this cycle, we don't know
exactly when it's going to hit.
We know it's going to hit
sometime inside this window.
And so we don't know which
one's going to hit first,
whether it's the ice
age, the pole shift,
the ozone going out.
I mean, who knows what?
Or this one.
If this one hits first, I
hope it does, because then we
won't care about any
of that other stuff
because we won't be here.
We'll be on another level
heading in another place.
We'll be on the Earth.
But we'll be on the fourth
dimensional of the Earth.
And it's all prepared for us.
And it's fine.
And there's nothing
out of balance
or wrong on that level of
the Earth's consciousness.
And it's perfect.
And so that's my prayer is
that this thing just happens
and we get out of here before
any of this other stuff
happens because a lot of this
other stuff is just painful,
especially a pole shift.
Oh, my God.
You have no idea.
The whole world would
look like Haiti.
And none of these
buildings that we make
are prepared for this
kind of movement.
And so it's up to God.
It's up to all life everywhere.
I don't know how
it's going to happen.
But once this does happen,
I do know exactly what's
going to happen from there on
because we've already done it
and we know what the experience.
And it's beautiful.
As soon as we move over
into the fourth dimension,
we go there with these bodies.
You're going to be there in
this body, but in a world
you can't interpret.
It's called a baby.
You'll be safe.
You'll have parents.
You'll have a mommy and daddy.
But you will not
understand anything.
You'll be in colors you've
never seen before ever.
You'll be informed that
you can't comprehend.
You'll be in a world that works
in ways that you don't really
understand, but you'll
get it pretty quickly.
And you are creating
everything you see.
And usually, we don't
know that at first.
It's really advantageous
to know it in advance.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm not kidding.
It really is.
It really, really, really is.
OK.
Yeah?
>>Hey, Drunvalo.
If there's one thing
that we could do,
what would it be
to prepare for it?
Is it the merkaba?
Is it the psychic ability
that you showed us today?
>>Well, I would rather
leave that until I
tell-- we have the full
mapping of human consciousness.
And then on the
last day, once you
understand about the heart
and the nature of the heart
and the power of
the heart and what
happens when you connect the
heart to this and to merkaba
field and what it
means, then there
is one really simple thing.
It comes down to something so
simple that it's kind of silly.
>>Take five.
All right.
And I have actually
a few more questions.
For the solar flares, you just
mentioned just adapt to it
and just take your time.
And you also
mentioned that you're
going to tell us
something else later on.
And for the magnetic field,
you mentioned do the merkaba.
And the pole shift,
move to here.
Is New Mexico a good spot too?
>>New Mexico's very good.
Yes, it is.
Actually, the Hopi,
by the way, are Mayan.
A lot of people don't know that.
They are literally Mayan.
And they came from Guatemala,
from the Mayan land down there.
And I sat in circle with
the Hopi grandfather
Eric who is the historian
for the Hopi people,
and Don Alejandro, who is the
head of the counsel down there,
and listened to them talk.
And it was acknowledged that
the Hopi are actually Mayan,
that a long time ago, the
Mayan sent the Hopi north.
Now, the archaeologists
think that they
came across the Bering Strait
and came down that way.
And they just laugh.
They said it's not true.
They remember everything.
They even remember the
exact trail they came on.
He mapped it out.
He showed me exactly where
they came all the way down
through it.
But they came here.
They were sent
here long time ago
to establish themselves because
this area-- it's not just
Sedona.
It's a whole Four Corners area.
There's four mountains.
And inside there
was the area that
was one of the safest
places in the world
during this transition.
And that's one of the primary
reasons they were sent here.
>>And the four corners
are around Sedona.
>>Well, Sedona is in the
Four Corners area, barely.
But San Francisco
Peaks is one of them,
up in one of those mountains.
And I don't remember
what the other ones are.
There's four of them.
I don't remember.
I don't want to say for sure.
>>I have a calling
to go to New Mexico.
New Mexico is a thumbs up?
I have a calling to go
to Santa Fe and Taos.
Is that a thumbs up?
>>Yeah, yeah, yeah,
that's definitely
inside the Four Corners area.
Taos is a very good place to be.
Taos.
There's other reasons that
are kind of secret that I
can't fully talk about
why they came here.
But that is the basic line
is that they were sent here
because they knew that
the pole shift was going
to happen a long time ago.
And they knew pretty
much exactly when.
And then a lot of their
records were destroyed.
And now they're getting
all their records back
so they can map
exactly when it is.
They're in the process
of doing that right now.
And they're about to have, by
the way, the 13 crystal skulls
of the Mayans reaching back from
Atlantis all the way until now.
And they acknowledge
they came from Atlantis.
They told me face-to-face.
Yeah, we know we
came from Atlantis.
So did the Hopis say that.
They're also from Atlantis
because they're from Mayan.
Same people, really.
And the Grand Itza
Mayan [? Council-- ?]
I just talked to them
about a month ago or so.
And they told me
that they're going
to do the final crystal
skull ceremony is
going to take place
very soon, which
is in October of this year.
The Mayan land used
to go up into where
the United States was.
And they lost that at one point.
But it was up in here.
And so it sounds funny,
but the first ceremony
is going to be
done in Manhattan.
But it was just an island
when they first did this.
And then they're
coming through to all
these various different places.
They're coming here, also, to
do the ceremony with the crystal
skulls.
And then finally, they end up
in Los Angeles doing the crystal
skull ceremony down there.
Then when they're
done with all of that,
they go back to the Yucatan.
And they're going to do
the final ceremony, which
is where 13 Mayan
shamans, each one holding
one of these skulls.
And then during the
ceremony, the living spirit--
they're human spirits that
are in there-- will come out
of school and into the shaman.
And then the shaman
will remember everything
that that person remembers.
And now, all of their
knowledge comes back to them.
And they combine that
with other knowledge
that they're combining through
the return of the codices,
which is another part
of their prophecy, which
is happening right now.
And then when they get done with
all this, which will probably
be early next year, they
will remember everything.
And then when they
speak, they'll
speak with authority
because they'll know.
But they lost almost all their
knowledge, almost everything.
They were down to three
books, three codices,
in the entire world.
OK, I'm being told that
I must stop talking.
[LAUGHTER]
We're running out of
time for this thing.
So anyway, this was
the day of the mind.
We had lots of mental things
and ideas thrown at you.
We will come back later
on this and finish this.
But tomorrow is the
day of the heart.
Thank God.
[APPLAUSE]
So rest your little brains.
And it will be more
fun tomorrow, I think.
You did it.
You finished Day 3.
Now, we can proceed on to
Day 4, the day of the heart.